RTP terminator (#409)
SuperDARN/pydarn: docs/user/range_time.md

| zmin=(int)                         | Minimum data value to be plotted                                                                                |
| zmax=(int)                         | Maximum data value to be plotted                                                                                |
| range_estimation=(RangeEstimation) | Estimation of the distance for the radar to use for the y-axis (See [Ranges, Coords and Projs](coordinates.md)) |
| coords=(Coords)                    | Used in conjunction with range_estimation, converts the y-axis to a coordinate                                  |
| lat_or_lon=(str)                   | In conjunction with coords, choose if you would like the latitude ('lat') or longitude ('lon')                  |
| colorbar=(plt.colorbar)            | If you would like a different colorbar than the default                                                         |
| colorbar_label=(str)               | Set the label fo the colorbar                                                                                   |

> | terminator=(bool)                  | Turn on shading of the day-night terminator                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| nightshade=(bool)                  | Turn on shading of the night side of the terminator                                                                     |
```

| start_time=(datetime object)       | Control the start time of the plot                                                                              |
| end_time=(datetime object)         | Control the end time of the plot                                                                                |
| channel=(int or string)            | Choose which channel to plot. Default is 'all'.                                                                 |
| groundscatter=(bool)               | True or false to showing ground scatter as grey                                                                 |
| date_fmt=(string)                  | How the x-tick labels look. Default is ('%y/%m/%d\n %H:%M')                                                     |
| zmin=(int)                         | Minimum data value to be plotted                                                                                |
| zmax=(int)                         | Maximum data value to be plotted                                                                                |

> | range_estimation=(RangeEstimation) | Estaimtion of the distance for the radar to use for the y-axis (See [Ranges, Coords and Projs](coordinates.md)) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| range_estimation=(RangeEstimation) | Estimation of the distance for the radar to use for the y-axis (See [Ranges, Coords and Projs](coordinates.md)) |
```
